Make site work on IPFS (#9539)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/10-getting-started/30-project-structure.md

  - `%sveltekit.body%` — the markup for a rendered page. This should live inside a `<div>` or other element, rather than directly inside `<body>`, to prevent bugs caused by browser extensions injecting elements that are then destroyed by the hydration process. SvelteKit will warn you in development if this is not the case
  - `%sveltekit.assets%` — either [`paths.assets`](configuration#paths), if specified, or a relative path to [`paths.base`](configuration#paths)
  - `%sveltekit.nonce%` — a [CSP](configuration#csp) nonce for manually included links and scripts, if used

>   - `%sveltekit.env.[NAME]%` - this will be replaced at render time with the `[NAME]` environment variable, which must begin with the [`publicPrefix`](https://kit.svelte.devconfiguration#env) (usually `PUBLIC_`). It will fallback to `''` if not matched.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `%sveltekit.env.[NAME]%` - this will be replaced at render time with the `[NAME]` environment variable, which must begin with the [`publicPrefix`](configuration#env) (usually `PUBLIC_`). It will fallback to `''` if not matched.
```
